*Censored Mita
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Head_D Head
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Sweater Sweater
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Pantyhose Pantyhose
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Skirt Skirt
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Hair_D Hair
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Hairs Hairs
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Shoes Shoes
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Body Body
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Clothes Clothes
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Cloth Clothes
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_Attribute Attribute 
create_skinned_appendix Mita C_FaceLayer_D FaceLayer

create_skinned_appendix Player C_Clothes Clothes
create_skinned_appendix Player C_Face Face
create_skinned_appendix Player C_Arms Arms
create_skinned_appendix Player C_Hair_D Hair
create_skinned_appendix Player C_HairMirror HairMirror
create_skinned_appendix Player C_Head_D Head
create_skinned_appendix Player C_HeadMirror HeadMirror
create_skinned_appendix Player C_Arm Arm

shader_params Mita C_Head_D UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Sweater UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Pantyhose UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Skirt UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Hair_D UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Hairs UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Shoes UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Body UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Clothes UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Cloth UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_Attribute UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Mita C_FaceLayer_D UnityMita\Censor

shader_params Player C_Clothes UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Player C_Face UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Player C_Arms UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Player C_Hair_D UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Player C_HairMirror UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Player C_Head_D UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Player C_HeadMirror UnityMita\Censor
shader_params Player C_Arm UnityMita\Censor